Esp8266 detail esptool (#5188)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-esp8266-telemetry.rst

    .. image:: ../../../images/esp8266-telemetry-flash.jpg
        :target: ../_images/esp8266-telemetry-flash.jpg

- Mac users should use the `esptool <https://github.com/espressif/esptool>`__

  - First, find the COM of your connected device, something like that "/dev/ttyusbserial-A600eto2" and select your associated PORT COM by using this command line in the terminal

    ..  code-block:: shell

      $ ls /dev/tty\.*

  - After, you need to erase all content in your ESP8266, put your device in bootloader mode, and replace the *COM* with the one you found previously by running this command line in your terminal 

    ..  code-block:: shell

      $ esptool.py   --baud 921600  --port COM erase_flash

>   - Last, you flash the board with the correct expected firmware, put your device in bootloader mode, and replace the *COM* with the  port you used before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Finally,  flash the board with the correct expected firmware: Put your device in bootloader mode again, and use the following command, again replacing the *COM* with the  port you used in the previous command.
```
